# Azure EduDB- ChatBot

Problem Statement:
Engineering Students get confused alot in studying Database Management System. It is the very Important for the students who belong from the technological background. I have designed a ChatBot which gives all the information about DBMS(Database Management System)."Azure Edu Chatbot: Database Master " is a friendly ChatBot which will give the information about the Database and all the tools and services involved in Database in a Chit - Chat manner which will definitely help students in a more convenient manner to Learn.

Project Description:
In my project, I made extensive use of Microsoft Azure services to build an educational chatbot that provides details about the Azure database system and its services. Using AI/ML services from Azure, this chatbot was created. QnA Maker is a cloud-based Natural Language Processing (NLP) service that allows you to create a natural conversational layer over your data.    It is used to find the most suitable response for any input from your personalised knowledge base (KB) of data. Building conversational client applications, such as social media apps, chat bots, and speech-enabled desktop apps, is frequently done with QnA Maker. We can prebuild or upload the questions for our chatbot using Azure QnA Maker. Here, we've used Azure Bot Service to add chatbot to our google site. Websites, apps, email, GroupMe, Facebook Messenger, Kik, Skype, Slack, Microsoft Teams, Telegram, SMS, Twilio, Cortana, and Skype for Business may all incorporate Azure Bot Service. An app always runs in an App Service plan when it is part of the App Service (web, API, or mobile apps). You may utilise Azure Applications to keep an eye on your running applications. Powerful analytics tools are built in to help you identify problems and understand how users actually use your app, and it will instantly detect performance anomalies.  It's designed to help you continuously enhance performance and usability. Consequently, using the aforementioned technologies My chatbot is embedded inside the Google site which I created and explained in it many more Content in an aesthetic manner.  

